# Lsc-solar-camera-tinker_project
In this repository i will share what i have found when opening the newely released lsc 1080p solar camera and i will try to dump its firmware and maybe even add a firmware you can directly burn onto the flash chip

Please note this is just for fun and its not intended for malicious use or using my firmware image for malicious purposes and i also dont support that! IF you are the manufacturer of this device and wish to have this removed feel free to email me to 309Electronics@gmail.com and i will answer and remove the repo if it violates any laws or copyright i am happy to cooperate.

with that out of the way now i will tell you about the project.
So recently i decided to go to a store called Action which is in the netherlands and germany and itss a store that sells a lot of diferent kind of products like house hold, electronics, consumables, toys, garden, kitchen etc etc at cheap prices. And i always go through the electronics section and thats where i saw this new product. Lsc is a brand Action sells that is owned by electrocirkel BV in the netherlands and makes lighting and iot devices. I managed to see this product which i never saw before and it seemed new and cool to tinker with so i bought it and it costed 37,95 euro. I first paired it to the app and after that i tore it down. First challenge was opening it up but i quickly found a screw neatly hidden under the "waterproof" rubber sealing that seals the ports and buttons on the bottom. i unscrewed it and opened it 
